Staples is business to business. You’re what binds us together.

Our world class sales and sales support teams work directly with businesses of all sizes to offer products and services to meet our customers’ unique needs. We are committed to understanding our customers and use best-in-class sales tools and technology to find the best solutions. We’re constantly discovering new ways to reach our goals, taking time to develop our skills, and investing in our career growth, so we can enjoy lucrative opportunities and grow our careers both within and beyond sales.

 

What you’ll be doing:

Develop and maintain innovative dashboards for sales leadership and the sales operations teams, to showcase territory design and sales performance.
Solve business problems by conducting data analysis, reporting key findings, and making recommendations for solutions. 
Analyze relevant data and create scalable insights to make our sales deployment and operational processes more intelligent.
Source, and/or build enriched data to support sales operations.
Identify and implement solutions for combining and consolidating data, and packaging insights into easy-to-understand and reusable formats.
Build and maintain reports to identify data gaps and maintain data integrity.
Enhance and maintain existing automated tools based on business needs.
 

What you bring to the table:

Strong understanding of the business needs and develops recommended approaches based on relevant data and analytics
Ability to innovate, collaborative environment and uses technology to guide process improvement and transformation
Ability to interpret trends, issues, and data to identify, develop and execute high impact sales programs and strategy
Ability to thrive in finding creative ways to optimize data processes and devise solutions
Strong communicator of complex concepts and analysis
Strong quantitative, analytical, and problem-solving skills
Strong experience interacting with many different teams
Ability to manage multiple projects and changing priorities in a fast-paced environment
 

Qualifications:

What’s needed- Basic Qualifications

BA / BS degree in finance, economics, or analytical field (Science, Math, Engineering, Economics, Finance) or equivalent work experience
3+ years of experience in analytics and/or data-focused position
1+ year experience with analytical tools (i.e. Microsoft Power BI, Tableau, SQL, Alteryx)
 

What’s needed- Preferred Qualifications

Well versed in relational databases & SQL, with the ability to manipulate large data sets
Understanding of sales operations and enablement
Microsoft Suite of tools (Excel and/or Access preferred)